% MWPLIGHT(1)
% Jacques Froment <jacques.froment@univ-ubs.fr>
% 2008-09-27

# NAME

mwplight\ --\ the light preprocessor for megawave

# SYNOPSYS

**mwplight** \[-s module-source\] \[output-options\] \[misc-options\]

# DESCRIPTION

**mwplight** reads the megawave header of a module. It produces:

* a library file, with a modified version of the module C code for inclusion in 
the megawave modules library;
* a main file, with a main() function in C, for the stand-alone module;
* a documentation file, documenting the module syntax (interface) in TeX;
* an interface file, describing the module io, to design the interface for some 
external code;
* a name file, containing the name and group of the module.

# OPTIONS

Use '-' for standard input/output instead of filenames.

Default mode is to use stdin for the source file, with no output
activated. The output order doesn't follow the options order (in case
of multiple output to a single file/pipe).

## INPUT

-s, -\-source=filename
:	module source file name  (default=`-')

## OUTPUT

These options are optional.

-l, -\-library=filename
:	library code file name
-e, -\-exec=filename
:	executable code file name
-d, -\-documentation=filename
:	documentation file name
-i, -\-interface=filename
:	interface file
-n, -\-name=filename
:	name file name

## MISCELLANEOUS

-m, -\-module-name=name
:	module name  (default=`unknown')
-g, -\-group-name=name
:	module group name  (default=`unknown')
-h, -\-help
:	print help and exit  (default=off)
-V, -\-version
:	print version and exit  (default=off)
-D, -\-debug
:	debug flag  (default=off)

# ENVIRONMENT

Unlike previous versions, this version of **mwplight** doesn't use any
environment variable; you must provide the full (absolute or relative)
path to the files.

# EXAMPLES

* `mwplight -l foo_lib.c -e foo_exec.c -d foo_doc.tex -g bar -s foo.c`
* `< foo.c mwplight -l - > foo_lib.c`

# COPYRIGHT

This program is part of the megawave framework.  
See http://megawave.cmla.ens-cachan.fr/ for details.  
(C) 2008 CMLA, ENS Cachan, 94235 Cachan cedex, France.  

# SEE ALSO

**megawave(7)**, **libmw(3)**, **megawave-modules(7)**
